RepbaView displays high resolution images on small screens.  Rather than
resizing the image to fit the width of the screen, RepbaView displays a
portion of the image, resized to the height of the screen.  The entire image is
drawn virtually outside the screen boundaries.  Panning of the screen reveals
the virtual portion of the image.  Repbaviw is a perfect solution to display
high detail, high resolution images on small screens. With RepbaView, no longer
does image quality need to be sacrificed for screen size. 

RepbaView can display images in any web page that supports iframes or as a
stand-alone web application.    The visual menu has a thumbnail for each image
and provides access to the entire image collection.   

The virtual thumbnail allows images larger than the screen
to be panned in all directions at full resolution with original image quality.
Zoom-in to see even more detail.

RepbaView converts images into first class web resources that can be linked.
Instead of linking to the entire image, link to just a portion of the image at
a specific resolution.       

RepbaView Image Services is a startup that has provided successful image
solutions to several entities during its multi year development period. The web
application RepbaView, 1.0, has recently been completed and we are now seeking
business opportunities for the exciting new web application. Our primary take
to market objective is to license the app for partner delivery of their
services. We believe RepbaView is a best of class web application providing
quality views of internet imagery that appears to be highly synergistic with
Cloudairy solution offerings. We would greatly appreciate your review of the
following information and consideration of RepbaView partnering opportunities.
Please note that like Cloundariry, the web application RepbaView is not funded
by VC or Silicon Valley entities.

Visit repba.com for more information or contact us at support@repba.com.

